what's going on everyone at your rifle
here and in today's video I'm going to
be covering the Queen breakers bow for
you all I know I'm a little bit late
covering this exact and house of wolves
I have been behind on my videos here
lately and I do apologize for that guys
but I wanted to bring you guys a review
for this weapon because this is my
favorite weapon in destiny well I take
that back i guess it's a fine line
between the thorn and this weapon to be
my favorite weapon and destiny although
they are completely different weapons so
i can't really compare them but yeah
those are my two favorite exotics in
this game this weapon is absolutely
crazy to play with guys and it's a
one-shot kill in the head in PvP so not
to mention this weapon is an absolutely
PvP monster depending on your game style
in my opinion this is the best fusion
rifle out of all fusion rifles but it is
a completely different fusion rifle it
acts as if it's a sniper rifle but
before I get started with this if you
could take a little bit of your time and
like the video and or share to the
feeling really generous with your old
rifle it is much appreciated guys thank
you all for the love and support right
so now let's get on the road of this
review of the Queen breakers bow first
off the weapon frame of this weapon is a
wire rifle you know what the Vandal
ciphers use yeah that weapon that is the
exact frame of this weapon queen
breakers bow so I thought that was
pretty interesting and for the perks for
this weapon obviously it is arc damage i
mean the stream of the shots is blue so
that kind of pinpoints the damage type
it also has marksmen sites and combat
sites marksman sites is meant for
long-range battles it does have a slower
charge time so keep that in mind if you
are using marksmen sites and also it
does have greater damage but I tested it
in PvP and it doesn't one-shot kill
people i mean if you do land a head shot
though this weapon automatically kills
anybody in pvp in one shot it's going to
be a two shot kill if you land a body
shot and same with the combat site so I
had found combat sites to be more useful
in the PvP world but for the PvE world I
guess it all depends on what kind of
situation you are in whether or not to
use marksman sites or combat sites as
you guys can see right here though i am
using marksman sites for my situation
against the tank and optimus prime
strike and yes for those of you
wondering i know i just said off in this
prime don't judge me x
judge me all you want anyways doze to
continue on with the perks it also has
hipfire on this which has bonus accuracy
while firing from the hip which can come
in handy while using a fusion rifle but
for my gameplay I prefer to zoom in and
aim for the head typically personally in
my opinion I wish hipfire Dean exists
with this weapon and they would add it
unflinching just because of how much the
weapon seems to shake when you're
getting shot at but i guess the
shakiness with this weapon while getting
shot at is when the hidden hamper comes
into play hidden Hamburg is basically an
auto aim feature it's an awesome perk to
have especially on snippers and wealth
nippers in this scenario because once
again this fusion rifle acts as if it is
a snipper rifle snipper no snipping
sniper no sniping oh man anyways a
disadvantage I actually found with this
vanilla rifle is if you're going up
against a sniper in the PvP world it
seems the sniper is at the advantage
just because the sniper doesn't have a
charge time makes sense yes in the end I
guess it all depends on your dodge skill
and also the sniper skill going up
against you it also has single point
sling which allows you to switch weapons
faster and you can move quicker while
aiming which I don't really find this
perk that useful out of the three perks
that you can choose from it also has
flared magwell which allows you to
reload the weapon even faster but the
weapon hardy reloads fast enough so this
also isn't my typical choice out of
these three options the choice down when
we go with and it seems to be the best
option is sin detz which increases the
range and accuracy on this weapon which
is a deadly combination with combat
sights lastly the last perk on this
weapon is hidden ham which gains you
better target acquisition basically it's
an auto aim feature and very handy for
getting your headshots on point the
Queen breakers bow is the highest range
of all fusion rifles as projectiles even
travel quickly as well it travels
exactly how those vandals snipers are
shooting you could probably even confuse
some other guardians in Patrol or
wherever if you start shooting at the
other Guardians they're probably like
what the heck where's the enemy ads
because it works exactly like the Vandal
snipers and like I said before it is the
Vandal sniper it's a wire rifle this
weapon is amazing it's one of the three
choices that you get from completing
elder cipher what you get from the
prison of elders level 35 or 34 it's see
seems the elder cipher drops more
frequently in the level 35 than the
level 34 though so keep that in mind
guys another pretty useful feature about
the Queen breakers bow is that it can
also hold a ton of ammo I found out when
I was picking up special ammo in the PvP
world I was getting 30 plus specially
I'm of each time I was picking up
specially in this so I was stopped I'm
telling you guys this fusion rifle
hoards more hammer than a doomsday
prepper it's crazy how much ammunition
this weapon can hold and not the mention
how fast it can kill as well a lot of
ammo plus kills fast equals once again
deadly combination but yeah guys I guess
that's about wrapping up this reviewing
gameplay with the Queen breakers bow
hopefully you guys enjoyed this review
but I'm out of here though everyone as
always I'm going to leave a friendly
reminder at the end of the video to once
again leave a like and/or share the
video if you're feeling really generous
with your old rifle once again guys it
is much appreciated the love and support
continues to help my channel grow and
for that I can't thank you guys enough
but I'm out of here though everyone
hopefully you guys enjoy the rest of
your day and remember to stay safe and
we'll don't sleep in p I guess that's
very crucial information also share
please Sal